More instructions for Homebrew users (#71)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/QRMumps.jl: README.md

**Note: qr_mumps is already precompiled with Yggdrasil for all platforms.**

> To use your custom qr_mumps, set the environmental variables `JULIA_QRMUMPS_LIBRARY_PATH`
> to point to the shared library before `using QRMumps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your custom qr_mumps, set the environment variable `JULIA_QRMUMPS_LIBRARY_PATH`
to point to the folder holding the qr_mumps shared libraries before `using QRMumps`.
```

Note that the same version of qr_mumps as used by the `qr_mumps_jll` artifact is needed.

> To initialize qr_mumps with a custom installation, the function [`qrm_init`](https://juliasmoothoptimizers.github.io/QRMumps.jl/stable/api/#QRMumps.qrm_init) must be called prior to any other functions of QRMumps.jl.

Reviewer: Why isn't it possible to define
```julia
  function __init__()
    qrm_init()
  end
```
as you do for the artifact?

Author: We can also use the `__init__()` function for custom installations but it locks the number of cpu threads to 1 and the number of gpu threads to 0.
If the user uses a custom installation, I suppose that he wants to use the features not supported by the artifact.

Reviewer: Oh I see. I did not realize we could not set the number of CPUs when using the artifact.
